A dangerous threat to
peace between the East and West,
Donovan Desmond.
I've successfully enrolled
Anya in Eden Academy,
where his son is enrolled,
in order to get close to him.
Now, Anya just has to
earn eight Stella Star medals,
which are given to honor
students for their achievements,
and become a scholarship student...
...for me to infiltrate
Desmond's social gathering.
However...
It's no easy feat
in such an elite school.
Hence, I've prepared a backup Plan B,
dubbed The Friendship Scheme.
I was supposed to have Anya
forge a good relationship with Damian,
(Come on in!)
and if things went well, he might as well
(Welcome!)
introduce Anya and me to his parent, but...
Anya hit him on the first day of school,
and earned a Tonitrus Bolt.
Their relationship has plummeted, too...
No.
It's still too early to give up.
The operation has only just begun.
In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
(Mission: 7 - Target: The Second Son)
Good morning...
Morning, Yor.
I've made us breakfast.
I'm getting used to living
with these two somehow.
Anya's still sleeping?
Is she still scared of
what happened yesterday?
I'm not going to scold you,
so come out already.
Hurry up and eat, or you'll be late.
I'm sorry for sucking at school...
I'm the one to blame here...
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
Just be careful not to
pick any more fights.
All right, cheer up, kid.
It's your first class today.
You're so kind, Loid.
Rather than pointing out her mistakes,
it'll be more constructive to spend
some thought on future planning instead.
Besides, I can't risk making
her hate going to school
and jeopardize the entire operation.
For the mission,
I need her to have a
smooth sailing school life at all costs.
Also, be sure to apologize
to Damian at school.
Got it?
Yep. I'm off.
Be a good girl, okay!
Time for us to go to work too.
Right.
I'm counting on you, Anya.
World peace depends
on you two making peace.
Time to do my best!
Have a good day, Lady Becky.
A princess!
Oh, greetings, Anya.
You live in a castle?
Of course not.
So you come here with a school bus?
I don't mind picking you up every morning
with my car from tomorrow, though.
Anya will become a princess too?!
Nobody said anything about adopting you...
Huh... Boarding students don't have
to worry about traffic, I'm so jealous.
Hm?
Ugh...
What do you mean, "Ugh"?!
How rude!
Pipe down! It's still morning!
What did you just say?!
Humble yourself, girl!
What~ever.
Be sure to apologize to him.
Um...
Uh...
Anya...
Let's go, Anya.
Class is about to start.
Hey, wait!
You'll just catch their
idiot germs if you talk with them.
World peace...!
(He was worried about her,
so he followed her in the end.)
Don't get in my way, you Blackbell!
Hold on.
If I recall, Blackbell and Desmond
Group are business partners...
Don't tell me that girl
was instructed by the enemy
organization to stand in our way...?
Wait, calm down, me.
It's not possible.
The first step is the most crucial
in forming a circle at school.
I need to make sure
they reconciliate by today.
Well...
Yeah...
She was the violent
girl yesterday, wasn't she?
She's so scary!
Is the girl next to her a bully, too?
She went and hit him for no reason, huh?
Ain't that scary?
Give me a break. Why'd they put
me in the same class as a delinquent?
I don't want to be hit by her...
How could she still be going to school?
What a bother.
School is scary...
People are really shallow, huh?
They only see things
based on what they can see.
Are you smart?
Not really, though.
Anyway, it's not "you".
It's Becky.
On your seats, everyone.
I'd like to get closer to you, though.
Because only I know
the good things about you!
Seriously, those two...
If they were to approach us...
School is scary, but...
I think I'll be okay.
Hey, hey.
It's cute, isn't it?
Tch...
Why are you keeping quiet, Master Damian?
That's right.
I am Damian Desmond.
I was born the second son of a prominent
family and was raised with no obstacles.
No one was ever
brave enough to oppose me.
- The son of the Chairman...
- Even my brother never hit me.
Damian!
And yet...
Here.
She gave me the first taste of a punch.
You...
You little...!
Johnny.
Here.
Jessie.
Carl.
Here.
All right,
since it's your first class today,
(During the Maths Class)
for now, you all
have passed the difficult
(During the Maths Class)
entrance examinations and joined our school...
The relationship between this
and this should be put like this...
So that's why it should be like this,
and this for this one...
So the answer for this
should be like this,
and once we figure this out, we can find
the answer for this with the same method.
She's already sleeping
during the first period...
So she's really a delinquent?
So scary...
Anya! We're changing classroom now!
Wake up!
The second son!
Anya must apologize to the second son!
The second son?
Oh, you mean Damian?
He's already left.
Come on, forget about him already!
If I don't apologize to him,
I can't bring peace!
Oh, you mean peace
in the academy will be ruined?
Well, yeah, I guess you can
never know what he'll be doing.
But don't worry!
I'm on your side, Anya!
I'll protect you no matter what happens!
Never mind him, then.
Sure!
Mind him, please!
Father!
Tch!
I must tell her the importance
of saying sorry somehow!
(During the Science Class)
And just like this,
we can reflect sunlight with a mirror.
The spot hit by the light
will become warm.
Let's try using two mirrors
(Fortune-telling for Good Kids)
and do some experiment now.
(It's a good day to apologize today.)
A message from God!
Apologize, Anya!
Make peace with him!
I'm feeling a great pressure on me...
So John made up his mind.
(National Language Class in Progress)
Even if he was left out of his circle,
he would stand up for what he believed in.
Then, after that,
(But John changed his mind.)
he would never say sorry to anyone anymore.
My textbook looks different somehow...
(He thought sometimes it's important)
(to lower his head and come
to terms with each other.)
(Lunch Break)
Finally, lunch time!
Let's go to the cafeteria!
But this is definitely
a prestigious school.
A serious full-time class right
from the get-go, huh?
Phew... I'm pooped.
Attention, all first year students.
(Cafeteria)
Each of you may order
anything you like from the menu.
Hmm... Well, it doesn't hold a
candle to our chef's cooking, though.
Anya wants omelet rice!
That's a strange meal.
Oh, the second son!
Ugh, why don't they just
eat at the dorm?
I need to apologize!
Forget it!
They're the ones in the wrong!
That kid!
This isn't working!
I need to get her off Anya!
Hey, new guy!
Where are you going?!
Becky Blackbell from Class 1-3.
Please come to Ward A,
Student Hall at once.
I'm still eating here!
At once!
Ah, geez!
Now's the chance!
Wh-What?!
You looking for more trouble?!
Um...!
Master Damian wouldn't have been
hit by you had he not let his guard down!
Um...
Can it, you two.
Are you going to tell
her yourself, Master Damian?
Why am I at a loss for
words when facing her?!
Master Damian?
What the hell...
What's this fuzzy feeling in my chest?!
He's giving me the chills,
so I'll just apologize and run away...
She's up against Master Damian.
I bet he'll rip her heart to pieces
with the ultimate insult
of his deliberation!
What will he say now to strike her?
Midget?
Can't be something soft like that, can it?
- U-Um...
- Ugly pig? Raccoon face?
Iron-fist gorilla girl?
- I-I'm...
- Those lame accessories look like horns!
- I'm...!
- Your mom's a fatty!
Short legs.
Short legs!
Those lame accessories look like horns!
A commoner with a raccoon's face!
I'll catch your commoner germs,
so go away, you midget raccoon!
A short raccoon with short legs!
Short legs, short legs!
I'm...
I'm sorry for hitting you...
I'm sorry!
I actually want to...
...be friends with you!
I'm sorry...!
Sorry for having short legs!
Th-This girl...
She's so remorseful that she's crying...?!
How very wistful of her!
Looks like I didn't have to step in.
Good job, Anya.
Master Damian? You're all red.
This is, you know, anger!
I'm so angry...!
That's right!
She went up against me head-on yesterday!
Right...
Head-on...!
Straight ahead...!
She was staring at me...!
N-No... This isn't it!
Stop beating so fast!
She's just an ugly commoner, and yet...
Wait, wait, wait.
That would be embarrassing...
Curse you!
Like hell I'd admit it!
I won't forgive you!
My pride won't allow it!
That's Master Damian for you.
He doesn't flinch at a girl's tears.
We'll let you off the hook for today!
Master Damian!
He completely rejected...
...her apology?!
Plan B's stuck again?!
By the way, why are you running?!
Shut up!
(Friendship Points with Damian: ?)
School is scary...
Becky...
(Friendship Points with Damian: ?)
Who is it?!
Who called me here?!
(Ward A, Student Hall)
The denominator is 3, so it should be 1/3.
So three of 1/3 make 1.
Simple, right?
L-Loid.
Maybe you should let her rest for a bit.
No.
She has to learn up
to this part for today.
With the incident
the other day with Damian...
the Plan B to become intimate
- with the Desmond family,
- I won't forgive you!
- The Friendship Scheme...
- is completely done for.
- I won't forgive you!
Hence, I must at least increase the odds
with the initial plan, Plan A,
to make her a scholarship student...
If you can't finish this,
you're not allowed to
watch the spy show in the evening.
Now, what's the answer for this?
I'll just read Father's mind
and finish this quick!
Come on, use this formula for this...
As an approach to getting more Stella
Stars to advance to a scholarship student,
- she can get more stars from other than...
- In the planning to participate
- in the social gathering...
- ...in academic fields, such as sports...
- ...and as far as the level
- of certainty goes...
- ...but we need to up
- ...there were attempts
- her academic skills first...
- by past agents to infiltrate...
Are you okay, Anya?
I'll read Mother's mind!
Mother, help me with this question...
Let's solve it together, then.
Um, the determiner is 5,
so it should be 1/5...
So, to make it easier to understand,
we first separate all the four limbs...
Oh, but then the neck would be in the way...
Huh? Uh...
5... 5...
5 looks like an S, doesn't it?
Are you okay, Anya?!
What's wrong?
How come you can't solve this?
Honestly, I have no idea
what she has no idea about.
I hate studyiiiing!
Hey, wait up!
L-Loid!
I think you shouldn't
force her to do this...
But...
She must study more in order
to become a scholarship student!
But...
Is that what she wants as well?
That's...
It's to make my mission easier...
I just want Anya...
...to enjoy her school life to the fullest.
Of course, studying is
also important to avoid expulsion...
I suppose so...
For a child like her,
academic achievements
must be outside of her interests.
I'm sorry.
I said something impertinent,
despite being an outsider...
No, it's okay.
Thank you, Yor.
I always lose my cool
when dealing with her.
I'm sure it's the same
for other parents as well.
Let's take a break, okay?
I'll brew you tea.
Anya!
I made you hot cocoa.
She's cooped in...
She's sulking, I guess.
Anya will work hard at school!
She reminds me of my
brother when he was young.
She'll come out eventually.
By the way, your brother's an officer
at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, right?
I bet he did well in school.
Did you teach him at home, Yor?
If you have any tips,
I'd be happy to listen.
Yuri's a more capable boy than me.
So I hate to admit this,
but it was me who was taught
a lot of things by him instead.
Whenever we studied together,
he'd always...
You're wrong, Sis.
Spiders are not insects.
An insect is a creature with six legs,
and its body is split between
a head, a chest, and a stomach!
You know everything, don't you, Yuri?
Whenever I praised him,
he'd put on a bright smile...
Sis! I'll teach you about history next!
O-Okay!
I guess he was having
quite some fun teaching me.
If I left him be,
he'd just be studying all the time.
Wake up, Sis!
I've memorized the
multiplication table! Watch me!
I see.
So his motivation was so that
he could be praised by his sister, huh.
I don't know about that,
but if that was the case,
then I guess you could just
become someone like that to Anya.
You could praise her for
even her smallest effort she makes.
I think she'll be happy with that.
Well...
I don't know.
I'm not her real parent, after all.
Wait, it's not that.
That's right.
I was supposed to be the ideal father.
I had to perfectly carry out the act.
That was supposed to
be the basics of this mission.
But how about it?
Everything I did up until today
was far from ideal.
As a father, I'm...
Don't worry!
Please believe in yourself!
Didn't Anya say it herself that
we scored a perfect 100 to her?
You're a great father to her.
That's what she thinks of you!
I appreciate your kind words.
I'm sorry for being impertinent again,
despite being a stranger...
No, Yor.
You're not a stranger nor an outsider.
You are the mother
of the Forger family now.
I'm counting on you...
...to become one of her parents.
R-Right.
I'm a housewife.
Make sure to keep it in mind
when you're outside, okay?
If you'd like,
please teach Anya as well.
If you're okay with me, I'd be happy to.
Let's not rush things and do what we can.
Right.
Don't rush it, Twilight.
If I were to assassinate
Desmond alone to wrap it up,
I'd have multiple ways to do it, but that
wouldn't be able to tie the loose ends.
You can't always
kill two birds with one stone.
I have to get close to
him and gain his trust,
and observe what
he's thinking and what he wants.
A spy is the only one who can perform
that unsophisticated and painstaking duty.
And it all starts...
...from getting to know about Anya first.
Oh, it's already this late?
I'll go talk to Anya for a bit.
I'll go wash the dishes, then.
Hey, Anya.
The spy show's about to begin now.
I'm sorry about earlier.
We'll think about how we study
for the next session after the show's over.
Anya...?
She fell asleep, huh.
You'll catch a cold, you know.
She was studying on her own...?
All for Father...
Guess I'll just record the show for her.
Don't kill Father...
What's she dreaming about?
A great father, huh...
If I had a real family,
what would I feel about it?
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
Hm?
Oh, Yuri!
What's up?
Oh, long time no see, Mr. Dominic.
I've been too busy with work,
I couldn't go home at all.
I couldn't expect less from the
elite of Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Oh, right.
How was the party
the other day, Mr. Dominic?
What kind of man did Yor go with?
Yor?
Well...
Anyway, congrats.
Huh? You haven't met him yet?
Huh...?
She...
Got married...?
(Mission: 8 - The Counter-Secret Police
Cover Operation)